turtle
I want to wish a happy new year a lot
wonderful videos
there
this pussyuka stands here like r is
tight
yeah so much no gas car
it's so easy to compare
but in short here is a sound let's see what
will be with this
so more cheerful
half an hour of work on broken bolts
so okay the foundation was formed for their
this bumper will rise or not no one
try on shorter blackmail in one word
Now we will damn bumper cut tree
us repaint the whole car repaint
and in short collective farm installation naturally want
present an overview of car kraz
which we use here I want to do
review of automotive lacquers
Today I will use this act 4 1
this car
without openings was
car was park
on so but
later.
hello everyone today
mirror molding. didn't become with him and not
interferes here reeled 800 to sandpaper here
1200 grill too 800 to need 800-1200
who as she tries not care breaks
moisture
wear overclocking
glue here and so the race to the edge a
then close the door and so here
a little crack there was hello to everyone
today in fast painting
BMW 2003 745
Now we take
water bucket rag
800 and pelt and
so small was
and as they say, forward the third shura 3
I can scattered citizens and painting
chevrolet classics since '77
will be painted completely
550 milliliters ready quran sense
difficult and thinners hello everyone
Today I make videos specifically for
channel oleg nesterov brest
white pearl will be painted front
wing transition new rear bumper
fenders rear bumper and here
the edge door will be painted
was to say thanks to my friend tripod
for filming such critical
Hello to all, today we will
paint this noise machine name
her kio rio
The purpose of this video is to show how we are going.
varnish specifically for one
dude i promised
also the first layer will be without shagreen leather if
powerless then 2 its if also zadu it
all will be smooth factory Shumko as
This is how it is for the first time.
I will tell you how to paint plastic on a new
bumper
some thin wave pattern
volvo these two doors for replacement to drive
this plastic dip liquid door found
spoiler up to 4 dollars
there was one was meant to paint
and by here
two three probably conditions .
so the project means will create just
here we are all waiting for the next wheelbarrow for pumping